[receiver:awsfirehosereceiver] added support for OTLP v1.0.0 format (#34982)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/awsfirehosereceiver/README.md

The record type for the CloudWatch metric stream. Expects the format for the records to be JSON.
See [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Metric-Streams.html) for details.

> ### otel_v1
> The OpenTelemetry 1.0.0 format for the CloudWatch metric stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### otlp_v1
The OTLP v1 format as produced by CloudWatch metric streams.
```

Please carry this change throughout.  `otlpmetricstream` for the internal package name, etc.
